I think flow
the federal army of his team are
the small things outside to be able to
the situation want these last meters
and there we saw very little
and maybe the next course
It's good and it's up to you
and we have to go in before 21 years in
the situation is on the way
we were not not on the website
smart enough and are on the other
side that I know enough and then
you also lose games and the sun
not if we have the possibility to 1
higher attention hits to the 2 1 these
and we will work on that
we have a new game now
delivered as exciting as I know
it was the worst we did this
happens
if it is because of that a problem
troop in the end, actually still
he is on the road and is still ill
that is very annoying but that helps
not wild any more
but still clear what they are from
on Tuesday evening in cottbus with
Germany must sweat and three
days later now have to have them
just then it was very experienced
and also the team to perform and
That's why people now their place
yes I think we have a gripping
seen partie
you have to meet his 10th
for the tenth time the start formation
change that was hurt that was
also the hydra moment of course for us
finalize
that was the big chance of course for
our qualities troops and again
to return
we say to him also noted
the game started well and fast
has been led by a very
beautiful combinations americans cold
Of course I still have changed
that we reload bridge and full of hagen
the opponents knew that it was very
it is very uncomfortable to stand
does not postpone and stock situation
before problems zoom
the red cards have to do that, of course
like to steer direction
at the equalizer of the
fortunately with the break
have shown that it is the
was not aware that 11 10 10
balanced game was good
Opportunities early in thoroughly
leadership to go
the offensive forces were very good
set up, they took can and for city
and annecy has all three times
dangerous at standards again and again
made and then of course have great
chances are we very easily or how
fits say our dear has put
the result has been open and
so maybe our audience
just redeemed a total of at why I
and deserves to appear and rejoice
me that we won the third was that
all follow not really done
have in this way the
right
I would defend myself against it all at once
certainly can
it's just the next week
initiate a change